Release `v0.14.7` (#2177)
valory-xyz/open-autonomy: HISTORY.md

# Release History - `open-autonomy`

# 0.14.7 (2024-02-27)

Autonomy:

> - Updated the tendermint image to run the tendermint node as none-root user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates the Tendermint image to run the Tendermint node as a non-root user
```
